11995-2026/08 
Page 1 of 3
CIBC Credit Card Summary of Annual Interest Rates and Fees
Annual 
Interest 
Rates Card Product Purchases1
Cash Advances, 
Balance Transfers 
and Convenience 
Cheques1
Purchases / Cash 
Advances, Balance 
Transfers and 
Convenience Cheques 
If Required Payments 
are Missed2
All CIBC Personal Credit Cards 
(except CIBC Select Visa,  
CIBC Costco Mastercard and  
CIBC Costco World Mastercard)
21.99%
22.99% 
(21.99% for Quebec 
residents)
25.99% / 27.99%
CIBC Costco Mastercard® 
CIBC Costco World Mastercard® 21.75%
22.49% 
(21.99% for Quebec 
residents)
25.99% / 27.99%
CIBC Select® Visa 13.99% 13.99% 25.99% / 27.99%
1 These interest rates are in effect on the date your Credit Card Account is opened. 
2 If we do not receive your Required Payment by the payment due date or by the date we prepare your next statement 
2 or more times in any 12 month period, these interest rates will apply for at least 12 months and will take effect on 
the first day of the next statement period following the missed payment that caused the rate to increase.
For all clients other than Quebec residents, your Required Payment means:
a) any interest (excluding Installment Plan interest); plus
b) fees (excluding the annual fee); plus
c) any past due amount; plus
d) the lesser of either $10, or your Amount Due minus a) to c).
For Quebec residents, Required Payment means any past due amount plus the greater of your Percent of Amount Due 
(defined below) or $10. 
For all clients including Quebec residents, if your Balance excluding Installment Plans is under $10, that lesser amount 
is your Required Payment.
Interest-
Free Grace 
Period
Your payment due date is at least 21 days after your Statement Date. We do not charge interest on a Purchase (other 
than Purchases on an Installment Plan) appearing on your statement if we receive full payment of the Amount Due (or 
for Purchases that have been converted to an Installment Plan during that statement period, if we receive payment in 
full of the Balance) by the payment due date for that statement. There is no interest-free period for Cash Advances, 
Balance Transfers, or Convenience Cheques.
Minimum 
Payment
For all clients other than Quebec residents, your Minimum Payment is:
a) any interest (excluding Installment Plan interest); plus
b) fees (excluding the annual fee); plus
c) all Installment Plan payments due (which includes interest) on that statement; plus
d) the greater of either any amount that exceeds your credit limit or any past due amount; plus
e) the lesser of either $10, or your Amount Due minus a) to d).
For Quebec residents, your Minimum Payment is:
a) the greater of your Percent of Amount Due (defined below) or $10; but if the Amount Due (excluding Installment 
Plan payments due) is less than $10 then that lesser amount; plus
b) Installment Plan payments (including interest) which are due on that statement; plus
c) the greater of either any amount that exceeds your credit limit or any past due amount.
For Quebec residents, your Percent of Amount Due means 5% of your Amount Due. The Amount Due used to 
calculate your Percent of Amount Due excludes Installment Plan payments due.
For all clients including Quebec residents, if your Amount Due is under $10, that lesser amount is your Minimum 
Payment.
Foreign 
Currency 
Conversion
Foreign currency Transactions (except CIBC Convenience Cheques) are converted to Canadian dollars (or to U.S. 
dollars, for the CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura® Gold Visa* Card) on or after the Transaction date and no later than the 
Transaction posting date. You are charged the same conversion rate CIBC must pay, on both debits and credits. You 
are charged a fee of 2.5% of the converted amount, on both debits and credits. This fee is charged on currency 
conversion. A foreign currency Convenience Cheque or payment is converted at CIBC’s branch selling rate for 
Canadian dollars (or, for non-U.S. dollar payments on the CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura Gold Visa Card, at CIBC’s branch 
selling rate for U.S. dollars) in effect at the time it is processed by CIBC.
11995-2026/08
Page 2 of 3
CIBC Credit Card Summary of Annual Interest Rates and Fees
Annual Fees Card Product Primary Cardholder Each Authorized User
CIBC Aventura Visa Infinite Privilege $499 $99
CIBC Aventura Gold Visa 
CIBC Aventura Visa Infinite $139 $50
CIBC Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* $599 $149
CIBC Aeroplan Visa Infinite* $139 $50
CIBC Dividend® Visa Infinite $120 $50
CIBC Dividend Platinum® Visa $99 $30
CIBC Select Visa $29 $0
CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura Gold Visa $35 (U.S.) $0
CIBC Dividend Visa, CIBC Aventura Visa, CIBC Aeroplan Visa, Classic Visa, CIBC Costco Mastercard, CIBC Costco 
World Mastercard, CIBC AdaptaTM Mastercard® and CIBC AdaptaTM World Mastercard® are not charged a Primary 
Cardholder or Authorized User annual fee. Annual fees are posted to your Account if/when the application is 
approved and your Card is issued, whether your Card is activated or not, and annually afterwards.
Other Fees Overlimit fee: $29 is charged if your Balance goes over your credit limit. You will be charged this overlimit fee on the 
day your Balance goes over your credit limit and, also if, on the first day of each following statement period your 
Balance remains over your credit limit. You will only be charged this fee once per statement period. This fee applies to 
all accounts except Visa Infinite Privilege. This fee is not applicable to Quebec residents. 
Account maintenance fee: If you have an inactive Account with a credit Balance that has not changed for 360 
consecutive days, you will be charged a fee of the lesser of $10 or the full credit Balance on that date. 
Promotional (low rate) Convenience Cheque or Balance Transfer fee: up to 5% of the amount of the promotional (low 
rate) Convenience Cheque or Balance Transfer. The exact fee will be disclosed at the time the offer is made to you and 
will be charged to your Account when the Transaction is posted. This fee is not applicable to Quebec residents. 
The following fees are posted to your Account when, or soon after, the Transaction or other activity occurs: 
Installment Fee: up to 3% of the amount of each Transaction that you convert to an Installment Plan. The exact fee will 
be disclosed when the Installment Plan options are presented to you, and will be charged when the Transaction is 
converted to an Installment Plan. This fee is not applicable to Quebec residents. 
Mailed Statement fee: $2.25 for each monthly statement. There is no fee for eStatements. This fee is not applicable to 
Quebec residents, accounts set up to receive accessible statements, and for clients aged 65 and older. 
Statement copy fee: $10 is charged for each monthly statement that is requested, for any period other than the current 
monthly statement. No charge if inquiry is due to our error. 
Cash Advance fee (all cards except CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura Gold Visa Card): within Canada $5.00, outside Canada 
$7.50 for each Cash Advance.** This fee is not applicable to Quebec residents. 
Cash Advance fee (CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura Gold Visa Card only): $3.50 for each Cash Advance.** This fee is not 
applicable to Quebec residents. 
Dishonoured Convenience Cheque or Balance Transfer fee: $40 each. Applies if a Convenience Cheque or Balance 
Transfer is not accepted due to insufficient Available Cash or Available Credit. 
Dishonoured payment to CIBC fee: $42.50 each. Applies if a payment on your Account made by cheque or 
preauthorized debit from any financial institution, including CIBC, is not accepted for any reason. This fee is not 
applicable to Quebec residents. 
Rush Card fee: $20 is charged for each rush card delivery that is requested. This fee is not applicable to Quebec 
residents. 
All fees on the CIBC U.S. Dollar Aventura Gold Visa Card are charged in U.S. dollars. 
**These fees are in addition to any other charges that may be levied by the owner/operator of the ATM.
Additional Disclosures
More Information about Interest and the Grace Period: When interest is charged on a new Purchase, it is charged from its Transaction date. 
We begin charging interest for Cash Advances on the day they are taken. If you decide to convert your Transaction into an Installment Plan, 
interest will be charged in accordance with the Installment Plan terms and conditions. We begin charging interest for Balance Transfers and 
Convenience Cheques on the day they are posted. If we do not receive a payment for your full Amount Due on a statement, we may make your 
payment due date later on the next statement. This will give you extra time to make your payment, but we will continue to charge you interest 
during this extended period. When you pay your full Amount Due, we will change your payment due date back to its regular date.
Merchant’s Fees: Merchants may be charged higher fees for the acceptance of premium cards (Visa Infinite, Visa 
Infinite Privilege and World Mastercard).
11995-2026/08
Page 3 of 3
CIBC Credit Card Summary of Annual Interest Rates and Fees
Interpretation: Capitalized terms used in this application have the meanings given to them in the CIBC Cardholder Agreement unless otherwise 
defined. The CIBC Credit Card Summary of Annual Interest Rates and Fees does not apply to Simplii Financial™ credit cards.
Quebec only: You have expressly requested that this form and any related documents be drawn up in English.
Vous avez expressément exigé que le présent formulaire et tout document qui s’y rattache soient rédigés en anglais.
The above is just a summary. For full details about your rights and obligations see the CIBC Cardholder Agreement. For more information about 
Cards, please call 1 800 465-4653 toll-free. The CIBC Cardholder Agreement and other information may also be obtained from www.cibc.com. 
The Card interest rates and fees shown are current as of August 1, 2026.
* Trademark of Visa International, used under license. 
® Aeroplan is a registered trademark of Aeroplan Inc. used under license. 
COSTCO and COSTCO WHOLESALE are trademarks owned by Price Costco International Inc. and are used under license. 
Mastercard, World Mastercard, World Elite and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. 
All other trademarks are owned by CIBC or related entities. 
™ “SIMPLII FINANCIAL”, the SIMPLII FINANCIAL DESIGNS are trademarks of CIBC. “Simplii Financial” is a division of CIBC. Banking services are not available in Quebec.